## Create ubuntu Instance
Next, I recommend to create a virtual desktop that "represents" a common computer within your virtual home network. (It will function as the dedicated development machine later). The real desktop machine you have VMWare Player running is currently not "in" your (virtual) home network (it's on the WAN side, not the LAN side), so you cannot access any (virtual) servers nor their web interface before the VPN Server is set up (which is very easy done using a web interface, but we cannot reach that yet).

We do that by downloading an ISO of e.g. [Ubuntu Desktop](http://releases.ubuntu.com/18.04.1/) and upload that ISO file ([not the zipped version!](https://www.7-zip.org/)) to the VMWare Server using the hypervisor's webinterface->Storage->Datastore browser->upload.
Next, create your VM Instance using the webinterface->virtual machines->create / register VM.  My Ubuntu Desktop has 1 GB of Ram and 16GB HDD with 1 CPU. Hit "power on" and go through the ubuntu standard installation process. What I think is worth mentioning is the part where you have to define how to partition your drive. I prefer LVM, because if we ran out of space in the future, those are easier to extend. Afterwards, do a *sudo apt update" and "sudo apt upgrade"* (takes 10min).

While you wait for the Desktop to update, hold on for a second and realize that you are in a browser watching at least one live streams display output from different virtual machines within a virtual server within a virtual machine player installed on your local machine. What wonderful times to live in...

### Autostart with Vmware Hypervisor
In the hypervisor's webinterface->Manage->Autostart, you can define that with the VMware Server, all instances will turn on automatically as well. Verify that they all start automatically when the host VM (esxi) starts. pfSense should boot first. 